README.md, before:

# r01lib

## What is this?

**"r01lib"** is a source code for **class libraries** to abstract MCUs and peripheral devices.  
This library provides application code simple APIs for.. **GPIO**, **I²C**, **I3C**, **SPI**, **Pin-interrupt** and **timer (ticker)**.   

This is a repository which works as a submodule of [**"r01lib_prj_generator"**](https://github.com/teddokano/r01lib_prj_generator).   
The code is intended to build in MCUXpresso library projects.   
Those libraries projects are..
- _r01lib_frdm_mcxa153
- _r01lib_frdm_mcxa156
- _r01lib_frdm_mcxn236
- _r01lib_frdm_mcxn947

Each of these projects have MCU dependent driver code and settings for code building. The "r01lib" code is identical in all projects. Those can be just cpoied into the `source` folder and built.  

## References

### Sample code
A sample code repositories are available for the **r01lib** demo: [**"r01lib_MCUXpresso"**](https://github.com/teddokano/r01lib_MCUXpresso).  
This is a repo generated by  **r01lib_prj_generator**.  

### API document
API information is available at [r01lib_prj_generator/docs/r01lib_docs](https://github.com/teddokano/r01lib_prj_generator/tree/main/docs/r01lib_docs)
These documents are generated from [`Doxyfile`](https://github.com/teddokano/r01lib/blob/main/Doxyfile) 

## History

Project which has been moved from [r01lib_old](https://github.com/teddokano/r01lib_old).

Commit message:

memo in readme was added

README.md, after:

# r01lib

## What is this?

**"r01lib"** is a source code for **class libraries** to abstract MCUs and peripheral devices.  
This library provides application code simple APIs for.. **GPIO**, **I²C**, **I3C**, **SPI**, **Pin-interrupt** and **timer (ticker)**.   

This is a repository which works as a submodule of [**"r01lib_prj_generator"**](https://github.com/teddokano/r01lib_prj_generator).   
The code is intended to build in MCUXpresso library projects.   
Those libraries projects are..
- _r01lib_frdm_mcxa153
- _r01lib_frdm_mcxa156
- _r01lib_frdm_mcxn236
- _r01lib_frdm_mcxn947

Each of these projects have MCU dependent driver code and settings for code building. The "r01lib" code is identical in all projects. Those can be just cpoied into the `source` folder and built.  

## References

### Sample code
A sample code repositories are available for the **r01lib** demo: [**"r01lib_MCUXpresso"**](https://github.com/teddokano/r01lib_MCUXpresso).  
This is a repo generated by  **r01lib_prj_generator**.  

Memo: `git submodule update --remote` needed to be done in **r01lib_prj_generator** repository after this repository update. 

### API document
API information is available at [r01lib_prj_generator/docs/r01lib_docs](https://github.com/teddokano/r01lib_prj_generator/tree/main/docs/r01lib_docs)
These documents are generated from [`Doxyfile`](https://github.com/teddokano/r01lib/blob/main/Doxyfile) 

## History

Project which has been moved from [r01lib_old](https://github.com/teddokano/r01lib_old).
